I have yet to hear back from Jaco regarding what i sent him. In the meantime what ive done is tried to bring over the augmented 
dataset from the Mobilenet model from before the break. My rationale is ive added many more layers and depth of model since then
and its possible i might be getting better results with the larger dataset. Even tho val_accuracy is around 86%, it does not des-
cribe the whole situation properly, as it is extremely accurate in some cases, but not so much in others. What i want to see is
if using this larger dataset will give me accuracy across all catogories, rather than just a few, possibly helping with the over
fitting problem. Theoretically it should, as i am hugely expanding the dataset. The reason ive avoided doing it till now, is 
since the dataset is so large, it takes much longer to train if you want any degree of accuracy. While that is running im also 
now looking at where i will start with building an ensemble model as well as training the standard model on more permutations of
the hyperparameters, similar to what i did yesterday. [3.5 hours]

The first results from the end of the augmented dataset is mixed, something isnt completely right, accuracy is around 75% but i
think it should be higher. Im running it with larger testing batches now to see if its simply a question of getting through all
the augmented images. Trained another two versions of the standard model, both also around the 86% range, will keep doing permu
tations of those. Ive also worked through some more ensemble model literature, and it seems doable but i am getting the feeling
that we wont be able to get results near 95% without more data to train on. [2 hours]

After running the Augmented dataset once more with a much larger training batch the result was once again not very accuracte, mid
75%. The last of my training with the standard model was also not very good, after i introduced l1/l2 regularization in an addit
ional layer. Ill leave this for now, as i anyway do not think in the end it will matter a whole bunch as i still believe the 
limiting factor in all this is lack of dataset for training. Ive also started my end of work report of everything ive done, res-
ources used, and manual for the code ive written. Ill be trying to organize a skype meeting with Jaco to discuss verbally what
my thoughts and suspicions are, and work out what options to persue. [2 hours]
